[kubernetes] Add tolerate unready pod annotation (#10211)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/integrations.md

> [1]: /getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging

Reviewer: Move this link declaration line to the end of the tab (line 124-ish)

### Tolerate unready pods

> By default, `unready` pods are ignored when the Datadog Agent schedules checks, so metrics, service checks and logs are not collected from these pods. However, the annotation `ad.datadoghq.com/tolerate-unready` overrides this behavior. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `unready` pods are ignored when the Datadog Agent schedules checks, so metrics, service checks, and logs are not collected from these pods. To override this behavior, set `ad.datadoghq.com/tolerate-unready` to `true`. For example: 
```
